Let us look at the Increment and Decrement Operators I have a variable i, and this is Five
now one method incrementing value of i is,  i assign i plus 1 or else I can say i plus assign 1 or even
I can say i plus plus there's a uninary OPERATOR We don't need any other thing like here we're require one.
But here nothing is required.
So this will increase the value of i.
Let us try to print the value of i and see, endl, I became 6 even if I write plus plus I then also get
the same result.
6. Then what is the difference between pre-increment and post-increment like this is called as pre-increment
and writing I plus plus is called as post-increment. let's see the difference here.
I will take one more variable that is j and I will say j assigned with I plus plus I'm using post-increment.
Let us print the value of i as well as j.
Let's see these values I'm incrementing i,
And also assigning the result in written J.
So let's see what happens whether the assignment is done first or in agreement is done.
See I became six because I has incremented and j is a 5.
So it means the first value of i is assigning j then the value of i is increment to six.
If I write it other way,  PLUS PLUS i, let's see what happens.
Now
both are 6.
So it means the value of i is change to 6 first.
That is i plus plus then the result is assigned to j.
So this is pre-increment and that one was post increment
i will add one more expression here.
I will say two multiply by Plus plus I and two multiplied by I plus plus.
So if I get the value it should be value of i is 5 so it should become 6
then 6 should be multiplied by 2.
So that should become 12 then this I value will increment afterwards.
So still  i is a 6.
So this is 12 so it should be 24 like already I have discussed that we should not use as multiple
increment decrement operators on the same variable inside single expression so multiple unsequence modifications
to i.
this the one thing showing you that we cannot guarantee you the result whatever you are expecting.
So let us run and see if we are expecting 24 from here.
ok we got 24 that's good.
So we got the correct result.
Now if I write this as I plus plus So I guess that value of five will change afterwards.
So they should be 2 into five that is 10.
Then I changed to 6 so 6 into.
2. that is 12.
So this should be 22 on.
Yes I am getting the same result but here whatever I was expecting I was getting the same result.
It might not be true in every compiler of C++.
You can try in different compilers and check the results.
The results may vary. similarly as we have increment operator decrement operators are also there.
They are also pre-decrement and post-decrement operator So you can try those operators.